Hi, how are you all today?
new tutorial on how to do
installation of wifi booster is
they will ask what is this application for
in a comment a friend told me that
I wanted a tutorial on how to increase the
signal of your device as soon as the
wifi then for this is the application
of wifi booster the wifi booster is a
cydia tweet which has the function
to customize the list of networks
wifi in settings
once we install the following
tweet the list of wifi networks will be more
advanced since it will show the power of
each network the scope and many
more features but above all we
will allow us to improve our wifi signal
of our device and I hope it's
of your liking the following tutorial
ok let's start with the tutorial what
first thing we're going to do is open
silvia the tweet that we are going to occupy in
this tutorial is called wifi booster
has a commercial cost of 2 dollars
but in this tutorial we're going to
download totally free for this
we have to add a repo we 're going to
go in fountains
and we are going to edit and then we give
in adding and we write the following repo
to add it
once we have written it down we are going
to give in adding source and wait for
update
We wait for the url to be verified
now here we see this notice due
that in this network we find tweets from
pay attention but here they are totally
free so there's no problem
we just add in anyway
ok and now we have to wait for it to
update the data
This process does not take long, they are just
a few seconds in what the
source update
let's wait
ok once it's over we give in
return to libya
and we give in ready now as we can see
we have installed the following challenge
Now what we have to do is what
next and it's the ones to look for and here we go
to notice wifi booster
let's write wifi booster and let's
look for it
they will appear several options of
installation but which we are going to occupy
in this case it is the first one that has a
blue icon since it is the one of the repo
that we just installed and it's totally
free since a yellow one has
a cost of 2 dollars but the first one is
free we open the first and here we
appears the wifi booster let's give it in
install and wait
once this box appears
we just have to give in confirming the
discharge
once the installation was confirmed we were
is going to install the tweet and we have to
make the break now we are going to go to
Wifi
and we will check that it is
running the wifi booster as
can give an account here marks us the
wifi signal strength plus
of connections and gives us more options
advanced that you will be able to check
on your device I hope you have them
served this tutorial do not forget in
Subscribe to receive new videos
that would be all and see you until the
next